[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film in the shadow of the moon
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a series of creepy murder happened one
night in 1988
philadelphia three victims a pianist
a waiter and a bus driver who appears to
have no connection with each other
are found dead in exactly the same way
with massive blood out of their
noses eyes mouths and ears
rock is a policeman and his wife is
about to give birth to their first
child that night but he's busy with his
duty
upon receiving a report about a murder
case of a bus driver
he and his fellow rush out and arrive at
the crime scene soon
while a foreign detective shows up later
he's rock's brother-in-law and is in
charge of the previous three murder
cases
he suspects these cases were committed
by the same serial killer
as the victims died in the same way with
multiple bleeding on the head
and three pinholes on the back of their
necks which is supposed to cause their
brains to melt down
rock believes this might be his big
chance to get promoted and move away
from the poor district
he and his fellow visit the forensic
doctor for more details
and are shocked to learn all victims
have been injected with some unknown
poison
which can't be identified due to the
limited medical techniques
at night when he's still on duty rock
takes a chance to buy a bracelet
intending to send it to his wife as a
birth gift before long
he receives another report a strip girl
was attacked
and also got three pinholes on the back
of her neck she's still alive
so rock and his fellow rushed to meet
her she confirms the attacker is a black
girl in a blue hoodie
and her right hand seems wounded before
making the attack
soon after that however the strip girl
starts bleeding
and dies suddenly thanks to the
information the police take action
quickly
and arrest several female suspects with
the same features
while rock's patrolling with his fellow
that night a girl with the same features
bumps into their car by accident
she then climbs over their car and runs
away in haste
the two follow her tightly all the way
to a subway station and call for backups
in the meantime the police center is
calling rock that his wife's just sent
to hospital
and asking him to return right now
without noticing that
rock keeps chasing the suspect to the
subway station underground
where he picks up a syringe supposedly
left behind by the suspect
as the station is blocked the suspect
has nowhere to hide
she shows her fighting skills and hits
the fellow police down
before the escape she is then controlled
by the coming rock
much to his surprise the girl knows rock
and even calls out his name
she congratulates the birth of his
daughter and expresses her regret for
his fellows death
as well as her willingness to see rock
later rock is totally confused by her
words
for the fellow is still alive but when
he is about to handcuff her
the girl kicks his gun off his hands
swiftly and sees his rock after severe
tussling
in such an emergency rock stabs the girl
on her leg with a syringe
the girl doesn't expect that and falls
to the subway platform
right before being crashed into pieces
by a coming train
later the forensic doctor tells rock
they find no trace of the girl's
identity
except for a bullet found on her right
hand which is however
shot from brock's gun rock feels even
more puzzled by that for he hasn't hit a
bullet that night
rock has no time to think it through as
his wife is bearing right at that moment
their newborn daughter survives but his
wife leaves them forever
due to a terrible hemorrhage in pain and
regret
rock becomes obsessive towards these
murder cases
nine years later on the same day in 1997
when it's the birthday of rock's
nine-year-old daughter
rock goes visit his wife's tomb on the
ninth anniversary of her death
but they find someone has already
visited there and the ablation is a [ __ ]
right then rock receives a new murder
case report
which is the same as the cases that
happened nine years ago
this time one professor is found dead
with his head bleeding and three
pinholes on his back neck
through the surveillance camera rock is
astonished to see the suspect dresses in
exactly the same blue hoodie as the one
did nine years ago
what's more they even have the same
wounds on the right hand
rock decides to check stuff left by the
suspect girl nine years ago
he's surprised to find a key to an
airplane made in 1996
he finds it hard to explain why the
suspect girl living in 1988
has a key to a new airplane getting made
in 1996.
so he and his fellow decide to check the
nearby airport
right then the physicist comes to meet
rock and shares with them some results
he has studied for a long time
he says that the super moon appears
every nine years and it's the right
point for the murderer to show up again
in theory resulting from that
astronomical phenomenon
a time bridge that connects the future
in the past would be created
which would make the time travel
possible but as a man of logic
rather than super nature rock doesn't
believe his smelly [ __ ]
and heads to the airport instead later
however as the physicist predicts
the suspect girl shows up again this
time she creeps in from rock's back
and ties him up to a chair rock is
shocked to see her again
since he saw her death nine years ago
while struggling he manages to call his
fellow for help
when his fellow rushes in for rescue the
suspect girl kills him by shooting at
his head
then rock is kidnapped to an airplane
inside a suspect girl explains that
she's trying to save more lives
and hopes he could stay away from it
besides
she could return to his timeline only
for a short period every nine years
shortly after rock is kicked out of the
plane and falls into the sea
he finds the airplane crashed with no
track of the suspect girl on the spot
but right now rock begins to believe
that she's coming from the future
time flies by nine years later in 2006
due to the mysterious murder cases rock
behaves nervously
and got fired for his insanity someday
in the past nine years
he has been searching for the
connections between those victims killed
by the suspect girl
trying to work out the answers he
finally gets to know a man killed in
whose death was mistaken for taking too
many drugs
from the three same pinholes on his neck
however rock realizes the man was
actually killed by the suspect girl
so rock goes to check for more
information from the man's wife
he then learns that the man was a crazy
racist who
always spread his extremism to members
of the racist groups all over the
country
with no exception all people who were
killed by the suspect girl
were his supporters after realizing that
rock deduces some horrible events will
happen in the future
and the suspect girl will travel back to
kill those lunatics to stop some
disaster
it then comes to the 18th birthday of
rock's daughter however
she stays closer to her uncle before a
detective
instead of her father rock shares what
he has found out with a foreign
detective
who however can't take his super moon
theory seriously
so he refuses to give rock any further
assistance
rock has no way out but to steal his
police id
so that he could follow the case and
investigate other members of the racist
group
he drives there as soon as he knows the
other member's address but finds the
woman's just been killed right before
his arrival
the murderer is still the suspect girl
in her blue hoodie
he shoots at her several times but just
hits her on the right hand
so he follows her all the way to the
seaside where the girl runs in a hurry
and crawls into hidden drainage after
getting inside
rock finds her sitting in an egg-shaped
time machine which disappears suddenly
as a blue light flashes when rock gets
out of the drainage
before a detective is waiting outside
and arrests him
rock tells him that he is the one
shooting the murderer's right hand
this is why the suspect girl has a
wounded right hand
but no one believes in him again nine
years later
one day in 2015 the same physicist
invents a poison
made of some unknown isotope the poison
is tested on the targeted animals later
showing that he could even use the
computer app to decide when to trigger
the poison
and kill the targets by melting their
brains while on the other side
rock lives like a homeless and his life
is a total mess
his wife and fellow were both dead he's
lonely and lives for long by the seaside
next to the drainage
where the suspect girl disappeared last
time attempting to wait for her return
and make all puzzles clear with her one
day however
the physicist kidnaps him suddenly the
physicist explains that his newly
invented poison can be used by the
suspect girl
to accomplish great missions such as to
stop an unclear war
and that sort of things she could be
sent to kill those lunatics
so as to stop greater human disasters so
he tries to stop rock
for he insists it's wrong to prevent the
suspect girl
with all being said rock starts to doubt
himself
especially when he recalled the girl
also claimed herself as a lifesaver
before
but in order to escape he fights back
and overpowers the physicist
he then returns to the seaside and
continues waiting for the girl
as expected the suspect girl travels
back to the same spot on time
rock says he could stop her from killing
people if he kills her right there
however the suspect girl responses that
she's actually his granddaughter
and it's rock who convinces her to be a
volunteer and accept the task to kill
those racists
and stop a horrible civil war in the
future which would claim much more lives
of innocent people
then the girl shows him the bracelet
which he bought right before his wife's
about to give birth to their daughter
rock is shocked to find the bracelet
inherited by his granddaughter
and believes her everything now he asks
her if there's a way to avoid the subway
crash in 1988
which would kill her that day but he's
soon disappointed to learn that every
single time travel is irrevocable
her death in 1988 would be inevitable
rock realizes he's already close to the
truth after years of investigating
the granddaughter living in the future
finishes all her time travels on the
same day every nine years but in a
reverse time order
she travels back to 2015 at first
received a warning from rock about her
death
then to 2006 she got shot and wounded by
him
later to 1997 when she killed rock's
fellow by accident
which explains why she expressed her
sorry for his fellow's death in 1988
and at last in 1988 when she's killed in
the subway station
but in such a reverse order she
accomplishes the task to kill all the
racists
and therefore stops the civil war in the
future
while on the same day in 2015 when rock
arrives at the hospital
he sees his lovely granddaughter is just
born
rock then holds her with much care and
gentleness knowing that he's going to
mission his granddaughter someday
and her destined future is sure to come
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out